chore: Add release notes for Bloop v1.5.16 (#2300)
scalacenter/bloop: notes/v1.5.16.md

# bloop `v1.5.16`

> Bloop v1.5.16 is a bugfix release. Main changes involve adding support for Scala

Reviewer: I would not say its a bugfix release if it adds support for Scala Native 0.5.x.

```suggestion
Main changes involve adding support for Scala
```

> Native 0.5.x and limiting amount of compile notifications being sent when noop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Native 0.5., adding support for hot-code reload and limiting amount of compile notifications being sent when noop
```

:)

Author: And done
